I brought in some data from two similar subreddits to try to find if I could create a model that could differentiate posts from them. As a big fan of space, and space exploration, I chose NASA and Astronomy because of a lot of knowledge in astronomy comes from NASA, and technological advances in the field are often related to NASA. So I anticipated a lot of overlap.

I scraped 1,000 posts from each subreddit and built training and testing sets. I built a model that predicted with 83% accuracy when predicting the subreddit each post was from (compared to 50% baseline accuracy.) The best model was a Multinomial Naive Bayes, used with a count vectorizer. I also utilized Count Vectorizing, and Logistic Regression to find the best model to predict which subreddit a post comes from.

Surprisingly, the model performed a lot stronger than anticipated.
Next steps will be looking at word usage across both subreddits to further improve model performance. With pipeline and gridsearch, I found that it was best to not remove any stop words. Despite NASA being mentioned in both subreddits, that didn’t hinder the model. I think I can achieve even better model performance with some time.  Another way I can go further into depth about the subreddit posts would be to find out how many posts in each subreddit contain the word NASA, and how many in each post the word NASA appears, as I have found that there are 1212 posts where NASA doesn't appear, 221 posts where NASA appears once, 13 posts where NASA appears twice, and 1 post where NASA appears 3 times.  This choice to include NASA as a word to be studied was a choice I made because if I had excluded it, I felt that it would be easier to decide which subreddit a post came from, but to my surprise, it may not have had such a strong connection to the subreddit it was connected to, as I thought that NASA would be almost immediately correlated to the subreddit NASA as it is the very name of it, but it wasn't as I had thought.  This lead to a stronger model than anticipated by a far margin, as stated above, leading me to believe that just because a word appears in one subreddit when compared to another subreddit named literally the same word, doesn't necessarily mean that it will be miscategorized.